[DOCS] Extract the cron docs from Watcher docs and add to the API conventions. (#56313)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/watcher/trigger/schedule/cron.asciidoc

[[schedule-cron]]
==== Cron schedule

A <<trigger-schedule, `schedule`>> trigger that enables you to use a
<<cron-expressions, cron expression>> to specify when you

> want the scheduler to start the watch execution.

Reviewer: This isn't a complete sentence. Sounds more like a def.

Maybe reword? I know we do this is some other place though.

> WARNING:  While cron` triggers are super powerful, we recommend using one of
> the other schedule types if you can, as they are much more
> straightforward to configure.

Reviewer: Don't think we need "super." I'd also reorder.
```suggestion
WARNING:  While cron` triggers are powerful, other schedule types are more
straightforward to configure. We recommend using another schedule types if
possible.
```

// NOTCONSOLE

[[croneval]]
===== Use croneval to validate cron expressions

{es} provides a <<elasticsearch-croneval, `elasticsearch-croneval`>> command line tool 
in the `$ES_HOME/bin` directory that you can use to check that your cron expressions 
are valid and produce the expected results.

> To validate a cron expression, pass it in as a parameter to	`elasticsearch-croneval`:	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate a cron expression, pass it in as a parameter to `elasticsearch-croneval`:	
```

> [source,bash]	
> --------------------------------------------------	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,bash]
--------------------------------------------------
```
